docs/source/developers-guide/index.rst, before:

=================
Developer's Guide
=================


This document is intended to help developers who want to contribute to
the project. It is not intended to be a tutorial on how to use the
library, but rather a guide to the codebase.

The deployme project is written in Python and can build and deploy
services from different ML models.

The project is structured as follows:

.. code::

    ├── deployme
    │   ├── contrib                -- Create full project from a template, deploy to targets
    │   ├── cookie                 -- Build main project file
    │   └── utils                  -- Utility functions
    ├── docs                       -- Documentation
    │     ├── images               -- Images used in the documentation
    │     ├── make.bat             -- Windows build script
    │     ├── Makefile             -- Makefile with commands like `make html` to build the docs
    │     └── source               -- Source files for the documentation
    ├── examples                   -- Examples of how to use the library
    ├── LICENSE                    -- License file
    ├── pyproject.toml             -- Project configuration file
    ├── README.md                  -- Readme file
    ├── renovate.json              -- Renovate configuration file
    ├── requirements-dev.txt       -- Requirements for development
    ├── requirements-docs.txt      -- Requirements for documentation
    ├── requirements.txt           -- Requirements for the project
    ├── setup.cfg                  -- Configuration file for setup.py
    ├── codecov.yml                -- Configuration file for codecov
    └── tests                      -- Tests for the project
    ```

For run project you need to install requirements.txt and requirements-dev.txt

.. code:: bash

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

For run tests you need exec:

.. code:: bash

    pytest .

For run tests with coverage you need exec:

.. code:: bash

    pytest --log-level=INFO --cov=deployme --cov-report=xml

Contributing
------------

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

|

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at `Issues <https://github.com/qnbhd/deployme/issues/>`_.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-  Your operating system name and version.
-  Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
   troubleshooting.
-  Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

|

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and
"help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

|

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
"enhancement" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement
it.

|

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

DeployMe could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

|

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at `Issues <https://github.com/qnbhd/deployme/issues/>`_.

If you are proposing a feature:

-  Explain in detail how it would work.
-  Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.


Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `deployme` for local development.

|

Workflow
--------


1. Fork the `deployme` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your
fork locally::

    $ git clone

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
venv installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ cd deployme/
    $ python3 -m venv env
    $ source env/bin/activate
    $ pip install -e .

4. Create a branch for local
development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass black, isort, flake8, mypy and the tests, including testing other Python
versions with tox::

    $ black .
    $ isort deployme/
    $ flake8 .
    $ mypy .
    $ pytest

To get flake8 and mypy to run automatically, consider installing a
plugin for your editor.
6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

|

Commit message guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use semantic-release to automate the release process. This requires
that commit messages are formatted correctly. Please read the
`semantic-release documentation <https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release>`_
for more information.


Pull Request Guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.

2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
   Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
   the feature to the list in README.md.

3. The pull request should work for Python 3.8, 3.9 and 3.10. Check our CI
   configuration for the exact versions that are tested.

4. If the pull request adds or changes a command line interface, it should
   include an example of how to use it in the docstring.

5. Pull requests should be based on the ``main`` branch.

6. If you are adding a new dependency, please make sure it is added to
   ``requirements.txt`` and ``requirements-dev.txt``.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Code style guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use black, isort, flake8, mypy and pylint to enforce a consistent code style.
Please make sure your code is compliant by running these tools before
submitting a pull request.

.. code:: bash

    black .
    isort deployme/
    flake8 .
    mypy .
    pylint .

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Functional programming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use functional programming to make the code more readable and
maintainable. This means that we avoid using mutable variables and
side-effects as much as possible. This also means that we prefer
functions over classes, and that we prefer immutable data structures
like tuples and namedtuples over mutable data structures like lists and
dictionaries.

We use the `returns <https://returns.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ library
to make working with functional programming in Python easier. Please
read the documentation for this library before contributing.

It is worth noting, however, that we try to make sure that the return value
and arguments of functions written in functional style are not containerized.
This will simplify testing, and also gives ease of transition of the function
to imperative style.


Docstrings
~~~~~~~~~~


We use Google style docstrings. Please make sure your docstrings are
compliant by running pydocstyle before submitting a pull request.

.. code:: bash

    pydocstyle .


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   cookie
   contrib
   testing

Commit message:

feat: migrate to `mljet` project name

docs/source/developers-guide/index.rst, after:

=================
Developer's Guide
=================


This document is intended to help developers who want to contribute to
the project. It is not intended to be a tutorial on how to use the
library, but rather a guide to the codebase.

The mljet project is written in Python and can build and deploy
services from different ML models.

The project is structured as follows:

.. code::

    ├── mljet
    │   ├── contrib                -- Create full project from a template, deploy to targets
    │   ├── cookie                 -- Build main project file
    │   └── utils                  -- Utility functions
    ├── docs                       -- Documentation
    │     ├── images               -- Images used in the documentation
    │     ├── make.bat             -- Windows build script
    │     ├── Makefile             -- Makefile with commands like `make html` to build the docs
    │     └── source               -- Source files for the documentation
    ├── examples                   -- Examples of how to use the library
    ├── LICENSE                    -- License file
    ├── pyproject.toml             -- Project configuration file
    ├── README.md                  -- Readme file
    ├── renovate.json              -- Renovate configuration file
    ├── requirements-dev.txt       -- Requirements for development
    ├── requirements-docs.txt      -- Requirements for documentation
    ├── requirements.txt           -- Requirements for the project
    ├── setup.cfg                  -- Configuration file for setup.py
    ├── codecov.yml                -- Configuration file for codecov
    └── tests                      -- Tests for the project
    ```

For run project you need to install requirements.txt and requirements-dev.txt

.. code:: bash

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

For run tests you need exec:

.. code:: bash

    pytest .

For run tests with coverage you need exec:

.. code:: bash

    pytest --log-level=INFO --cov=mljet --cov-report=xml

Contributing
------------

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

|

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at `Issues <https://github.com/qnbhd/mljet/issues/>`_.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

-  Your operating system name and version.
-  Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in
   troubleshooting.
-  Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

|

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and
"help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

|

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with
"enhancement" and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement
it.

|

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MLJET could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

|

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at `Issues <https://github.com/qnbhd/mljet/issues/>`_.

If you are proposing a feature:

-  Explain in detail how it would work.
-  Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.


Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `mljet` for local development.

|

Workflow
--------


1. Fork the `mljet` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your
fork locally::

    $ git clone

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
venv installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ cd mljet/
    $ python3 -m venv env
    $ source env/bin/activate
    $ pip install -e .

4. Create a branch for local
development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass black, isort, flake8, mypy and the tests, including testing other Python
versions with tox::

    $ black .
    $ isort mljet/
    $ flake8 .
    $ mypy .
    $ pytest

To get flake8 and mypy to run automatically, consider installing a
plugin for your editor.
6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

|

Commit message guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use semantic-release to automate the release process. This requires
that commit messages are formatted correctly. Please read the
`semantic-release documentation <https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release>`_
for more information.


Pull Request Guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.

2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
   Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add
   the feature to the list in README.md.

3. The pull request should work for Python 3.8, 3.9 and 3.10. Check our CI
   configuration for the exact versions that are tested.

4. If the pull request adds or changes a command line interface, it should
   include an example of how to use it in the docstring.

5. Pull requests should be based on the ``main`` branch.

6. If you are adding a new dependency, please make sure it is added to
   ``requirements.txt`` and ``requirements-dev.txt``.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Code style guidelines
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use black, isort, flake8, mypy and pylint to enforce a consistent code style.
Please make sure your code is compliant by running these tools before
submitting a pull request.

.. code:: bash

    black .
    isort mljet/
    flake8 .
    mypy .
    pylint .

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Functional programming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use functional programming to make the code more readable and
maintainable. This means that we avoid using mutable variables and
side-effects as much as possible. This also means that we prefer
functions over classes, and that we prefer immutable data structures
like tuples and namedtuples over mutable data structures like lists and
dictionaries.

We use the `returns <https://returns.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ library
to make working with functional programming in Python easier. Please
read the documentation for this library before contributing.

It is worth noting, however, that we try to make sure that the return value
and arguments of functions written in functional style are not containerized.
This will simplify testing, and also gives ease of transition of the function
to imperative style.


Docstrings
~~~~~~~~~~


We use Google style docstrings. Please make sure your docstrings are
compliant by running pydocstyle before submitting a pull request.

.. code:: bash

    pydocstyle .


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   cookie
   contrib
   testing
